---
title: Blog 4
layout: post
author: louis.mcauley
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 1-Xzu_1Mlb3c09BhEzTefbsGKh6wYJ3CbQhKRO9TebXo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <th>Finalising my blog</th>
    <th>Date</th>
    <th>09/10/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <th>my website is starting to look good. I just need to finalise some details </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <th>To hand in a website that looks professional </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <th> yes it think I did</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found that asking my peers for help with elements of coding I didn't understand was a good way to find out stuff that I didn't know. I found that planning and thinking logically was a good way to avoid having to backtrack as I work as pre planned which is what avoided me having to backtrack as before I did anything I knew what I wanted to do.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on my development of my coding knowledge as currently I am using very basic techniques and I need to create more advanced and harder techniques to make my blog look as good as it can be.. I will need to make sure that I allow myself enough time to do all the coding needed to be done during the lesson as to not add to the backlog of homework.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I will use the internet to find better ways to improve my blog to make it look good and work one step at a time. After each change I will look at my blog. And see what changes my website needs to make it look better. I will also work on my time management as to not over run and increase the amount of homework that I need to complete.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


