---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: louis.mcauley
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 17BNBD_7L1Nfx7eoKc70XYcPlWcshLNMmY-DOZ3ckGgA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <th>Google sheets coding</th>
    <th>Date</th>
    <th>13/10/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <th>we have advanced from HTML and css coding to working with google sheets.</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <th>to create a google sheet using command functions </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <th> yes I did reach my target</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I made notes which really helped as I have a tendency to forget important details which can cause major issues with my coding. I also made sure that I had made no errors in the inputs as as even a capital letter or a space after the word can completely stop my sheet from working. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I got easily distracted by my GitHub blog as I really wanted to make it look cool. I also tried to do it in the easiest way possible without using the proper functions.  I also need to learn to move on from one task as i often spent lots of time endlessly tweaking one part of my sheet. And I also need to work on my focus as I got distracted and went to see how everyone else was doing. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to find new ways to improve the functions and allow me to edit my sheet without having to access the functions and edit it their. Next time I will try new functions that we don't need to do to improve my sheet and make it a cut above everyone else's. I also need to find better ways to use my time so that I am not just sitting around waiting and doing nothing. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


