---
title: blog 3
layout: post
author: louis.mcauley
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 19g6chnhFK86vgDmDZCwPvd50a-k0ddoGASP1Si0QXto
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Creating a table for my blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>29/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have made my blog look alright and now i need to make a table</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Create a table for my blogs and continue to make it look good</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes i was able to reach my target</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found that changing small details was effective as i often had problems with changing to much and then breaking my website and not being able to find what i had changed and and fix it so i had to go through a huge list of items to find the one that didn't work. I also found that moving a line of coding can have a drastic effect. I had put a line in the wrong place and by moving it i completely changed my website.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>My learning was limited by my inability to work things out without having to look somewhere else to find an answer. I also spent a lot of time doing nothing once i had finished instead of working on my blog so i lost a lot of time messing around and not doing something else more productive.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson i will work on using my time more effectively so that i wont have to do as much at home and i will be able to use my school time to a greater extent. I’ll also work to try and work more things out for myself by playing around with ideas and concepts. And try to figure out what works and what doesn’t.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


